This documents the 100 companies found by the embedding stage of LLM.
From Wednesday, has since been improved.

PureCode AI is a front-end developer tool where engineers can use text to describe an...ate or customize software user interfaces.
aiXplain is a no-code low-code AI IDE and a marketplace for small and medium enterpri... Large Language Models, GPT, Multimodal AI
Build AI Agents at Scale. No Coding Required.
AI-Powered automation of the most time-consuming, and resource-draining tasks in Medical Billing.
NinjaTech AI is world...powered Executive Assistants for everyone.
One AI is an API-first, language AI service built for developers. Embed our API to an...ocess, and transform text in your project.
Stack AI offers a no-code platform to deploy enterprise-grade AI applications and automated workflows.
Zep AI provides scalable blocks in AI to build apps in minutes without rewriting code.
Alan AI is a SaaS for enterprises to rapidly build, deploy and manage Generative AI Assistants, boosting productivity.
Panda AI develops a B2B artificial intelligence platform designed to simplify work and combine various tasks.
Berri AI is an API platform for SaaS businesses to create ChatGPT apps programmatically.
GenesisAI is an Artificial Intelligence marketplace that allows companies to buy or sell AI products and services at scale.
Optimizer AI creates AI technology to swiftly and simply generate resources required for game and content development.
'Automated 360 degrees AI Governance and QA tool, to ensure AI products are compliant, responsible and operational.
AI assistants for video creation and transformation
Build powerful AI workflows in minutes.
Kusho builds autonomous AI agents for software engineering teams
We simplify & accelerate AI integration to provide increased adoption of AI to impact organizations & lives.
AI Fantasy is the new AI social platform driven by 50B+ parameter LLM, incubated by Presence Inc.
Enterprise AI platform, dream big build fast
Proprietary Generative AI with growing applications across Space, Health, Government, Home Caregiving
Hatz AI helps MSPs build an AI-as-a-service business.
Atlas AI is an analytics platform that guides the deployment of investment and other ...ocation decisions in the emerging markets.
SparkAI is a real-time edge case resolution for AI in production.
SapientAI created AI Test Coder, the first platform that combines contextual insights...ntelligence to generate correct test code.
Text Cortex AI develops a customizable AI-based text-generating platform that provides copywriting assistance.
Autonomous voice agents powered by Real-time Voice AI to enhance customer experience and cut support costs
Series.AI is a creative company that specializes in the development of games using artificial intelligence.
Infinity AI is a technology startup that builds AI models faster with synthetic data.
Automatic legal contract drafting platform for anyone.
The AI assistant that actually gets things done for you.
KalendarAI agents generate meetings, new sign ups, and revenue on autopilot by engagi...your potential customers from 300+ million
ThirdAI is a cutting-edge artificial intelligence startup focused on creating scalable and long-term AI solutions.
Portkey enables businesses to design, deploy, maintain, and improve on their generative AI apps and features more quickly.
AI creator platform that enables users to create their own AI and share.
DeckRobot is a Generative AI to communicate business ideas through corporate documents
Align AI is a next-generation product analytics tool for LLM-powered conversational AI products.
The backbone for all your AI needs
New Native is an AI platform designed to aggregate AI tech, develop AI solutions, and distribute them at scale.
Adaptive AI agent infrastructure for data driven business operation to create custom ...-AI agents to optimize business operations
CrowdAI enables organizations to create and deploy custom models for visual AI and a code-free platform.
Real autonomous AI automation for Google & Facebook Ads. Adext AI technology cannot b... any AI framework within the market today.
Enterprise AI and Search for the Workplace and Engineering.
11x is an AI and Automation company that builds autonomous digital workers.
AI copilot for your own research, notes & conversations
Building powerful, intuitive products that help elite revenue teams sell more effectively
OneShot is the autonomous prospecting platform that puts your outbound on autopilot.
Kata.ai is a Conversational Artificial Intelligence company, providing the ultimate t...evelopers to build sophisticated chatbots.
Arcane Intelligence is an AI Copilot that accelerates marketers.
Intros AI is an automated community builder. They automate email, text, and Discord i...ons between members of the same community.
Automated 1-1 tutorship powered by genAI Avatars\', "World...ency & drive actionable process visibility
Amplify.ai is the developer of the first enterprise-class Conversational AI platform
Artisan AI develops digital workers known as Artisans, with human-like attributes, to automate end-to-end job workflows.
Self-learning plug & play AI employee for non-technical SMBs
e-bot7 develops conversational AI customer service platform.
open source AI coding assistant
GenAI stack for enterprises to build their custom models
SKY ENGINE AI is a Synthetic Data Cloud for Deep Learning in Vision AI